README.md, before:

# EnhancedCraft
### Minecraft. Enhanced.

Long gone are the days of choosing between plain vanilla Minecraft or big, game-changing Minecraft mods. It's time for a mod that adds more content to the game whilst revolving around the core mechanics and gameplay of Minecraft.

This is EnhancedCraft: a mod designed to add more powerful weapons and tools, new blocks, and cool mechanics, whilst still being Minecraft at its core. Look at some of our mod's features!
- New ores!
- New tools and weapons!
- New biomes and dimensions! (COMING SOON)
- New mobs! (COMING SOON)
- Canvas Renderer support! (IN DEVELOPMENT)
- etc.


#### DISCLAIMER
This mod is still in its early Alpha, and many aspects of this mod such as the ores, tools, weapons, biomes, dimensions, mobs, and future features may be subject to change. If you would like to help contribute to the project, please email me at (realspectr3x@vort3xmedia.cf) to be invited to the development of the project. You are free to contribute to the project, but please do not re-distribute this mod or do any other form of piracy, as this mod is free anyways and I am a young programmer who is working hard to make these mods.

Commit message:

New Features
    - Brand new music disc now out: Soaked Hands.
    - Etherium's rarity is now EPIC.

README.md, after:

# EnhancedCraft
### Minecraft. Enhanced.

Long gone are the days of choosing between plain vanilla Minecraft or big, game-changing Minecraft mods. It's time for a mod that adds more content to the game whilst revolving around the core mechanics and gameplay of Minecraft.

This is EnhancedCraft: a mod designed to add more powerful weapons and tools, new blocks, and cool mechanics, whilst still being Minecraft at its core. Look at some of our mod's features!
- New ores!
- New tools and weapons!
- New biomes and dimensions! (COMING SOON)
- New mobs! (COMING SOON)
- Canvas Renderer support! (IN DEVELOPMENT)
- etc.


#### DISCLAIMER
This mod is officially in Open Beta! You can download this mod at https://www.curseforge.com/realspectr3x/enhancedcraft, from our GitHub Releases, or clone the project and build it yourself!

If you would like to help contribute to the project, please email me at (realspectr3x@vort3xmedia.cf) to be invited to the development of the project. You are free to contribute to the project, but please do not re-distribute this mod or do any other form of piracy, as this mod is free anyways and I am a young programmer who is working hard to make these mods.
